
Hi \<product or business lead\>,

I'm Anmol, an analytics engineer on the team. I was asked to look over some of the JSON data regarding receipts, brands, and users before loading them into the our data warehouse. I had a few concerns over the quality of some of the data. Do you mind checking out my findings and answering my questions so that we can go ahead and fix this data before loading it in? Thanks in advance!

With regards to the receipts data, I wasn't able to find full documentation on all the keys in the JSON. Specifically, Receipts[rewardsReceiptItemList] has an object nested within with, as far as I can tell, 34 keys. However, there is no description of these keys or if any additional keys may have been missing in this particular sample. Some of these keys, especially regarding brand data, are pretty important, so I would like to make sure this is fully documented as soon as possible. If there isn't documentation already out there, do you know who I could reach out to to ensure this gets done?

I'm also not entirely sure what an `originalMetaBriteBarcode` is. I ran a search over the data and found that it is usually the case that the relationship between a barcode and an originalMetaBriteBarcode is unique. That is, for a given barcode, there is never more than one originalMetaBriteBarcode associated with it. The only exception to this is barcode 4011 -- something about bananas? This is the only barcode with multiple originalMBBarcodes. If I can figure out what is going on with 4011, then I can potentially remove a column from a frequently updated table and move it elsewhere, which would be great for performance. The data surrounding 4011 is also generally pretty poor in general, so I'd like to figure out why we have a `description` of `ITEM NOT FOUND` as often as we do for this one barcode. 

Finally, at least for the receipts data, I noticed that we have a `needsFetchReview` key, but it seems under utilized: There are a lot of receipt items with a description of `ITEM NOT FOUND` that aren't flagged for review. As I'm sure you know, we should be working to reduce the amount of undescribed items in our database in order to reduce overall ambiguity, so I think it would be a good idea to automatically flag items with such a description as they are coming in. Let me know if I am misunderstanding anything regarding this flag, though. Its entirely possible I'm completely off here!

A bit more seriously, there is a major problem with the incoming Brands data. Of the 1167 brands in the file, 428 of them have the phrase "test brand" in their name. It looks like some test data got mixed into production data here. I don't feel comfortable loading this data in until I know why a third of it is test data. Can you review the file as well as its origin to see what happened here? And since the Users data is stripped of PII, I can't tell if there is test data in there either, but it would be worth checking that file as well.

Lastly, I have two more question about the Users data: It looks like about half of the data is duplicate. That is, while there are 495 entries in users.json, there are only 212 unqiue IDs present. That means the other 283 entries are duplicates. I haven't yet had the chance to see if those entries are completely duplicate or if they simply demographic updates from other rows. Do you know which might be the case here? And, truly finally here, from the documentation I recieved, users should only ever have a role of "consumer". However, there are a fair few "fetch-staff" users as well. Is this intentional? If so, can we update the documentation to reflect all the possible role values? If it isn't, I can filter out "fetch-staff" and other non-consumer values from entering the data warehouse. Just let me know so we can move forward here!

Again, thanks for taking the time to look through these concerns. If you'd like to see how I found these issues so you can recreate the results yourself, I have a full technical write-up over [here](https://github.com/ammo414/analytics-engineering/blob/main/task3/findings-description.md). And let me know if you have any questions on your side, as well!

-Anmol
